it's twenty nine-year-old Leeds lad
money with his bestie Christian money
finds clothes shopping
a bit tricky on five four three so I
struggle with my clothes struggle to fit
in than anything because I'm quite broad
and small it's a really awkward sighs I
have to get everything tailored after
where children's clothes this looks nice
guys very nice there's some nice jeans
for that I've got these black joggers
these are 11 to 12 year olds do these a
bit bigger twelve to fifteen year olds
will just be alright for going out in
our the massive I feel insecure about
wearing kids causes like I preferred to
Ella I don't close it is proven but his
size hasn't stopped this dude from
becoming a champion power lifter started
polishing but after I got ill a 512
disease for 18 years I went from nine
stall all the way to five stone in about
two months
oh I'm not gonna die this is me were
talking about I'm now going back just
just wait Krish I couldn't agree more
when mani arrived at the department
store he really got the stylist talking
I want to see the guns I think for money
it's all about dressing for his shape
yeah and I think no matter whether
you're really tall or short just showing
someone actually this looks amazing on
you and giving them the confidence
that's what money needs yeah you know
what money needs loose so let's skip the
mirror room get cracking with a makeover
this fashion editor in stylist knows her
stuff when it comes to body shapes and
hot trends let's see if she can get mani
walking tall in his first three looks
how you feeling I'm excited ready to
change my style Oh
music to my ears right superhero day
like he's so ripped that's a lot of time
in the gym to ever wear jeans rarely
wear jeans okay when I show you a super
skinny mm-hmm what does it make you
think you're quite scared okay well put
them on for me when I'm out and about
and I look at the clothes I always think
I like them jeans that are well fitted I
like this shirt that's fitted around the
body as well and for me I don't really
get that look to it because of my size
the great thing about a super skinny for
your physique is that they're just gonna
emphasize your best bits and what they
do is a drain pipe because they're so
super skinny they elongate your leg so
what I'm trying to do here is take you
out of your comfort zone with your
baggage sportswear I'm gonna introduce
you to the muscle fit t-shirt here you
go
the great thing about muscle fit is that
it's a really high elastic which means
it stretches these are quite long lines
these tees you've got a really long
torso and it's showing off that length
so they're great for your physique and
for your body shape if I wore white
t-shirt like that with nothing else on
that is gonna make my chest look bigger
where she wants to make his chest a
bigger because she wants to show off all
his hard work how do you feel I think
he's on you to me okay but it's exciting
at the same time because really good it
doesn't really go three inches too long
and they're adults size High Street
jeans many so I know you love a sporty
trainer but I love a bit of a preppy
trainer and what they do is just gonna
elevate your look just to make sure he's
not completely out of the comfort zone
where a trainer but just make them a bit
smarter and this money's just five foot
three Lucy's got a top tip that could
really make a difference when you're
looking for a trainer look for a soul
that's slightly raised because what
that's gonna do is just gonna lift you
that tiny bit so these are flat shoes
with high look these are a platform
oh yes good point Pat I do like these
shoes that's good I don't know how I
feel about the super tight clothes okay
she works so hard to get that physique
you know make your outfit work for you
and show off your best assets
you got Ferrari you wouldn't leave it in
a gallery good yeah you would joy or
well hurt you go Manny show off them
Ferrari that is such a wicked outfit I
love absolutely everything Lucy's done
with him like it's so simple but so
effective I couldn't agree more Nana
James Dean Brock the white tee and James
back in the fifth things it's still a
popular Street look that's just super
pong okay so dark indigo jeans all these
are a lovely fit through the ER as well
I think they feel a lot better than the
last but like the color as well oh good
these are really nice because they're a
bit more straight leg you could totally
wear those out on a night out because
they're quite smart on a date night I am
got enough outfit I wear the same outfit
and I might just change the accessory
and that's about it
next I want to show you tada vertical
stripes how much you interested in this
looks pretty cool oh you like yeah
stripes go from top to bottom really
good for your silhouette some free
please takaki I like that it's very good
for skin tone yeah actually a big fan of
this and again that long length is
really on you because if you have a
t-shirt that's like boxy and short that
automatically everything shortens your
fragile think about things like this one
address clearly this for me just says
dapper you could go to a club in this or
he could go subtle with the stripy
t-shirt using Lucy's layering trick what
I've got here is short sleeve shirt okay
what you can do with this piece is you
can wear it on its own just shut up or
you can layer it what I want to do is
just roll up these sleeves because again
it's just gonna emphasize your shape in
your arms
let's do this sleeve here so what I love
is just seeing that tiny bit of stripe
which is just a nice bit of detailing to
open let's have a look I would do it all
the way to the top oh I love it Manny
and you know what not one of these
pieces is from the kids section and what
we've done is we've gone extra jeans
even the jeans this whole look I
actually really like a la I'm really
impressed Lucy you're loving the smart
look I am yes we're gonna go even
smarter casual meets super smart the
first step for many kinds do you have
white shirts in your wardrobe at home
nope none none really want to do this
all the way up that is a smart shirt
money that is really like so really nice
shirt
oh that fit is great so what I want to
show you is how to mix and match your
wardrobe so you've got a really smart
shirt and you've got a pair of quite
casual jeans gonna show you how to make
this look even more smart and elevated
but with a really cool edge it is the
bomber jacket and definitely confusing
yeah trust me on this one give it a go
what I want to show you is it's kind of
a Tweedy kind of fabric so it's quite
heavy but bomber jackets are gonna be
great for you because they're shorter in
length this is really nice I take back
what I said I think this is a smart
outfit without being a suit she's quite
versatile okay yeah I'm a fun you
want me over stuff but I'm so pleased
didn't put him in a hoodie in a blazer
Lucy finishes off the look with the
classic pair of baseball boots how did
you feel about this whole it's money it
definitely feels unusual you show me a
diverse range let's see what the end
product is gonna be it's gonna be
amazing
that's what I think well Manny you'd
look great in all three of Lucy's
outfits so I don't doubt you're gonna
love the final one
now it's time to reveal Manny's final
outfit when he first arrived he was
wearing kid size clothes but what's he
gonna make of Lucy's grown-up look for
him now Manny and I move not seeing
yourself laughing without an upgrade I'm
excited to see this upgrade get the
mirror out let's see let's see you ready
I'm ready
three two one
take a look honey you're in a blazer
wear this blazer come from this
incredible Wow oh I'm stunned
okay hey Manny hey I'm gonna ask you a
question go for it
look at that guy I want to know what do
you see I see a brand new money does
this I came here expecting confidence
confidence is through the roof now
simply look a bit taller as well I'd
really really do love it and then James
bit hesitant on the skinny jeans but
they actually look really really great
as well I'm so glad that you're feeling
a lot more confident about the way that
you look ready to go out now I'm ready
for something pie in on the town
Lucy's work wonders to elongate Manny's
incredible physique the tailor blazer is
super cool with vertical stripes that
help lengthen his top path sculpting his
legs are dark skinny jeans which extend
down to classic suede Navy loafers that
tease a little bit of ankle on Manning
young man
[Music]